we get to know we'll talk and
we're all on you just watch the
latest episode
over wicked tuna now it's time
for wicked tuna Real Talk the
weekly web show where someone
Gloucester's best move into the
captain's
give us their take on what just
happened my name is Mike Salta
I'm your host joining us
this week we have captain Paul
Hebert the Kelly am captain Dave
Marciano the heart merchandise
and Captain TJ ot a hot turner
thank you guys
for being with us on this last
episode we saw Paul Ebert
breaking the drought finally
catching his first fish
what may be a long season but
we're gonna get to that in a
mall and Paul
I had to write this down a
the only way I can remember the
I love and let me see if I can
read of the but we got how many
boats have you been on since the
show began
a thing probably half a dozen
half a dozen so you're six boats
get any other guesses on what
the lander on 6th ed
I just think it's a lie I think
the right answer and Cesar line
to dot com then the bounty
hunter season 2
canada.com again on the lease
and Jake in season three was the
Miss sambuca
North versus South you're on the
pinwheel with Tyler and now
finally the kellyanne yeah so
they are those are the Basel how
important to be free to get your
own ball
it would be that's the goal I'm
trying to make enough money
to buy my own bout are you close
on their
you there I am mare at some
point going to see you in your
own boat with the week a
personal finally actually be
awake it on my life
I'm you believe it on my life
you guys believe it damn file
yeah actually hands are
shell you can't just pretend
when I can guarantee you
haha I live in Los yes I will
have my own bile
I I don't know but you know what
I know I'll it is to own about
okay so I'm you know you know
it's an insane
nothing right cuz a inside its
it's done eating
to be able to pour all of and
make it work
make the payments to keep the
boat up a ride in PL
it's a lot of hot air their
looks
when when paused on from bow to
bolt what what's happened
you hear a lot of hearsay in the
fishery people talk bad about
everyone behind their backs a
time now I am NOT an FAA
honestly say I've known Paul so
there's a little kid
he's been on a lot of boats that
produced a lot of fish did you
he's never been on your boat
we've seen on a bunch of other
bowing low the items that we all
know and love
what it look like to have Paul
on your ball up
be a lot of duct tape lying
around yeah amazingly there's no
I hate in the world
I'll think that would work so it
wouldn't work in in you know he
I bust his balls right
had fun but you know what poll I
just have that same type a
personality too I think we'd
class
being same boat yet because we
both know mr. own way of doing
things
a week you know we have that
same class there you can add
your day
area
wrapped in Hyannis they have
million you rather just like the
other guy but ultimately will
both have our own way
and I think eventually we but
heads against that Paul there
there are people that
are great at being leaders and
captains and along the front
about there are people there
are great at doing what they do
in the back of the boat
get you believe you have what it
takes to be in the front of the
boat full time with your own
boat all that responsibility in
center
I've been running boat since I
was 11 years old
I just never had another money
to buy my own ball ever since I
was a little kid that's all I
did
my fathers Bo was a $58 for a I
ran out when I was 15
out move on to what we saw in
this episode upon wanna call it
the Muni but you know you're the
guys on your ball more
specifically was definitely
questioning your
your leadership at some point
and wondering whether or not you
were the right fit for his body
owns the boat
he's brought you on it you
hadn't caught a fish yet and as
I feel to know a you're
struggling the be the guys don't
necessarily have you back on
your own ball
that's where the crow like my
brother Bruce A nine opposed to
me in them guns
we get it I ben dry but
wants people but in one week
I've caught 20 fish
you to be a commercial tuna
fishermen and do what for a
living
not just for up pat on the back
or a brick chapel wait wait a
minute we're in it
you said where you say
third-team
in four hours they are okay
opponent okay I i play
well we were on a run real blow
when you were saying all that
yet now I think they like and I
was gonna call via
but not now but nah I
I and II 24 I but realistically
Lincoln with my brother Bros we
work so good together
we can catch a lot of fish we
understand when things go wrong
like you lose and that it all
the time
people go dry this is the
beginning of the year
if you start out with even a
dock with a sour taste in your
mouth mmm
I'm by myself I'm not given up
those guys can cry in their wine
glass
I can I bills to pay this is my
living
if they wanna cry they can stand
the dot I'm going to make money
cuz I know there's going to be a
week a 2-1 at kilowatt
TJ has your dad handle dry
spells he takes it out on me
as a you know a good things are
going great a
he thanks to take the credit
when things are going bad you
know
it both on the pizza on this
business is a feast to famine
business he's a successful guy
he wants
it's always going to be going on
but I'm very entertained by your
dad yeah I love
yeah I real deal is assault
earlier the NEC is a world-class
he would give you anything and
the glomerular and tubular about
because I was a little amaze for
for you your dad your brother
it's amazing for you guys are
all pretty especially your pic
oMG I
yeah right before you guys
finally get that fish on border
seems to be more chaos on your
balls and
yeah I you know it
if you watch most that I was
when Dad is on board kinda put
this on ed I'm very relaxed
a couple times this year we had
some hiccups why brother wasn't
there with the gap on timer
you know I wasn't doing
something he has officially
years in when you're dead
questions you
yeah i hook was pushing I got no
doubt about it right
in doesn't that make you like
I'll come on real I can say is
seriously can yell at me
which is fine you know you yell
at me for forever but if I ever
yelled at him
for a mess up which game are you
looking for my teeth on the
floor rather
it but I can't I saw to you
the guy you know why I wrote
about and Dave what is your
what's your longest dry spell I
mean look at I paid years I've
gotten three fish for the season
you know like your ideas
well i i mean anyways I once
I've in years I'm quite 35
forty-fifth
way it's true revision and Lisa
me
like the year you know when
things were going my way in the
past realize that they're very
I don't believe the tuna right
on the dark I'd pile the deal
that's on the Boeing Co may I
may know that cats dogs fish
make money are
right away whatever was caught a
Pollock unfortunately these days
the laws have changed
those options art on the table
as much as they were before
so it does have a little more
stressed because we do gotta
make this jury thing work
just because you know the way
the regulations are we can't
really
jump back and forth his easily
as we used to what we've seen
when a boat like catching fish
they guys just get more more
pissed off everyone seems to
turn on each other and also on
you catch a big hand
almost all night everything is
just how I love you
now where this laptop US and
most EU at the most productive
at the hook up thirteen thousand
dollar fish yeah
column science these guys then
just jump on the boat wanna go
catch a big giant 09
and try to do it for a living
been doing this since I was a
baby my whole family did my
father my mother my grandparents
you caught that fish thirteen
thousand dollars you bring it
back to the
to the fish market in the guys
is OK we know it was a good idea
to give you a thirteen thousand
dollars for your fish how does
that feel when all the sudden
you're able to give him that
thirteen thousand dollar paid a
Welsh in them get their face you
know you saw the guys UK
but if we go dry another week
they gonna cry again
that is all pleasure they got
out people
%uh fair-weather friend know
whether I that's how it is later
may alter
these guys don't do what for
priority for a weapon
we do what to feed our families
that's it I need a man I don't
have anything else we don't have
another job
this is all we Gott those guys
they have jobs they have
they have businesses they have
other jobs we don't we have just
bess
I get old saying goes when the
going gets tough everybody
leaves that's right
yeah I like her character
the other thing we saw this week
we're the to
harpoon boats get after each
other a little bit he has enough
to walk me through and I know
you guys don't do that
most of the time but I'm a
little confused on all I would
think so
he's got a plane yeah guys don't
have a player like that they
call themselves the gray whale
hunt is right like you know that
I'd sit near the boat
they don't know what they're
talking about when it comes into
a pit sure you could call that
harden
I guess just like you know they
get the planes they drive out
your
100 miles an hour they are plans
a passion of mine to grow every
day
you know if you could call you
know shooting cows from a
helicopter hunting right you
know you may be on the same page
but those guys you can tell just
look at their attitude look at
hollywood's attitude right
for him it's not about anything
accepts a and I caught
I caught I caught something I
don't even have a job to
Hollywood with the play well at
the guys who don't have the
plane to
oh you know I'm not saying that
they are it's pretty much
hollywood is good at you with
the plane Ryan
you know the other guys harpoon
does take a lot it out
a lot I could never do it but
you know you also
if I was doing it and do it well
you wouldn't see me freakin
you know parade around like a
freaking parallel okay I'll
could have a player I mean
yeah it's just a dentist rubs me
the wrong way
by the competition between won
both as a plane won both the
does there is no comment lol
they call it that way
think about one place they both
have what they could both have a
big law and
no I understand we were brought
up without planes we had to use
our eyes
we never in we had a hunt for
them we may be airplanes in the
field in the hall announced as I
feel absolutely no knowledge
their business
that's the biz the Hollywood
businesses and what he's doing
that is what he does
certain ease are made by Dario
where you know and again good
for him we
we all could have the option if
we wanted to spend their money
and make money like that rape it
you know is a YA readers get a
lot of it people don't know yes
they are
he's the best there is just ask
it will tell you yeah
my thing is is you really wanna
find out who the best it
somebody
is in any business HDPE other
people will tell you
he's not going to tell you I'm
self eww or more think that our
I mean he's he's listed
he said a few seasons he was a a
nomogram fishermen
yep he he is a full-time fish
for years passes no doubt about
use the fishbowl time and and
there are a lot of very good
operators in the industry
there's no way out that i mean
nothing makes me nervous walking
out what's in them walk out into
a plank that thing is very small
and you fall off at the unit run
over by the boat right well
known as ever can only hope that
we have to do without him a
natural rubber
up no other wishing death other
captain I have never done a bit
high
right out on that day hand doing
that is Gabby pre warning
I would have to get you know a
high fish well good stuff guys
going to have all time do you
guys
that is wicked tuna Real Talk up
for this week a big bank in all
three these guys polymer
captain Dave Marciano and
Captain TJ ot
thank you guys we appreciate it
we'll have another installment a
wicked tuna real talk next week
right after the all-new episode
wicked tuna on National
Geographic Channel at sunday at
nine o'clock bookmark this page
right now
mad GOTV dot com slash Real Talk
and don't forget
you get a daily wicked tuna
fixed daily by liking us on
Facebook or following us
on Twitter our next week's
episode the politically it by a
big storm bad weather will have
Paul
a Marciano back here to talk
about that as well as captain
Tyler mclaughlin
%uh the pinwheel we will see you
at next time
on wicked tuna real talk